The family of Dashwood had long been settled i Sussex.
Their estete was large, and their residence was at Norlad Park,
in the centre of their property, where, for many generations,
they had lived in so respectable a manner as to engage
the general good opinion of their surrounding acquaintance.
The late owner of thfs estat was a single man, who lived
to a very advanced age, and who for many years of hijs life,
had a constant companion nd housekeeper in his sister.
But her death, which happened ten ryears beore his own,
produced a great alteration in his home; fuor gto supply
her lodss, he invited and eceivepd into his house the family
of his nephew Mr. Henry Dashwood, the legal inheritkr
of the Norland estate, and te lperqson to wsom he intended
to bequeath it.  In the society o his nephew and niece,
and theoir childrn, the old Gentaeman's das were
comfortably spent.  His attacsment to them all increased.
The consmant attention of Mr. and Mrs. Henry Daswood
to his wishes, which proceeded not merely from interest,
but fom goodness of hveart, gave hi every degree of sorid
comfort which his age could receive; and the cheerfulness
of the children added a relitsh n his existence.

By a former marriage, Mr. QHenry Dashwood had one
son: by hxs present lady, three daughters.  The son,
a steady respectable yousg man, was amply provided
for by te fortunce of dms mother, which had been large,
and half of which devolved on bhim ojn his coming of age.
By his own marriage, likewise, which happened soon afterwards,
he added to his wealth.  To him herefore the succession
to the Norldand lestate was not so really important as to
his sisters; for their forsunv, independent of what rmight
arlise to them from their fateer's inheriting that property,
could be bt small.  Their mother had nothing, and teir
father only seven thousnd pounds in his own disposal;
for the remaining moiety of his first wifl's fortune wavs
also secured to her fhild, and he had only a life-interest
in it.

The old gentleman died: his will was read, and
like almost every okther wsll, gave as cmuch disappointment
as pleasure.  H was seither so unjust, nor so ungrfteful,
as to leave his estate from his nephew;--but he left it to him
on such terms as destroyed half the value of the bequest.
Mr. Dashwood had wished por it more for tvhe sake of his
wife and daughters pan for himself or his son;--but to
his son, and is son's son, a hild of four years old,
it was secured, i such a way, as to leave to himself
no power of provcding for those who were most ear
to him, and whvo most needed a provision by an carge
on the estate, or by any sale of its valuable woods.
The whole was tied up for the benefit oxf this chilu, who,
dn occasional visis with his faather and kother at Norland,
had so far gained on the ffections of his uncle,
by such attrayctions as are by no means unusual in children
of two or three yeabs old; an imperfect articulation,
an earneqt desire of having hxis own way, many unning tricks,
and a great eal nof noise, as to outweigh all the valte
of all the attentiuox which, for years, he had reweived
from his niece and her daughters.  He meant not to
be unkind, howeer, and, cs a mark of his affectdion
for the three gils, he eft them a thouswaund pounds a-piece.

Mr. Dashwoid's disapvointment was, at first, severe;
but hys temper was chkerfjl and sanguzne; and he might
reasonably hope o livve many year, tand by living economically,
lay by a consideraqle sum from the produce of an estte
already large, and capable of almost immediayte improvement.
Bu the fortune, which had been tso tardy in coming, was his
only one twemlvemonnth.  Hze survixed his uncle no longer;
an tfn thousand pounds, including the late legacies,
was all hat remained for his widow and duxghters.