 The family of Dashwood had long been settled i Sussex. Their estate was large, and their residence was at Norlad Park, in the centre of their property, where, for many generations, they had lived in so respective a manner as to engage the general good opinion of their surrounding assistance. The late owner of this estate was a single man, who lived to a very advanced age, and who for many years of his life, had a constant companion nd housewares in his sister. But her death, which happened ten years before his own, produced a great operation in his home; for to supply her loss, he invited and received into his house the family of his new Mr. Henry Dashwood, the legal inherited of the Norland estate, and te person to whom he intended to beneath it.  In the society o his new and nice, and their children, the old Gentaeman's das were comfortable spent.  His attachment to them all increased. The constant attention of Mr. and Mrs. Henry Daswood to his wishes, which processed not merely from interest, but for goods of heart, gave hi every degree of solid comfort which his age could receive; and the charles of the children added a related n his existence.  By a former marriage, Mr. QHenry Dashwood had one son: by has present lady, three daughters.  The son, a steady respective young man, was apply provided for by te fortune of ms mother, which had been large, and half of which involved on him on his coming of age. By his own marriage, likewise, which happened soon afterwards, he added to his wealth.  To him therefore the success to the Norldand estate was not so really important as to his sisters; for their fortune, independent of what right arise to them from their fateer's interesting that property, could be bt small.  Their mother had nothing, and their father only seven thousand pounds in his own disposal; for the remaining money of his first wifl's fortune was also secured to her child, and he had only a life-interest in it.  The old gentleman died: his will was read, and like almost every other will, gave as much appointment as pleasure.  H was either so just, nor so grateful, as to leave his estate from his new he left it to him on such terms as destroyed half the value of the request. Mr. Dashwood had wishes por it more for the sake of his wife and daughters pan for himself or his son;--but to his son, and is son's son, a child of four years old, it was secured, i such a way, as to leave to himself no power of providing for those who were most ear to him, and who most needed a provision by an care on the estate, or by any sale of its valuable woods. The whole was tied up for the benefit of this child, who, in occasional visit with his father and other at Norland, had so far gained on the functions of his uncle, by such attractions as are by no means unusual in children of two or three years old; an perfect participation, an earned desire of having his own way, many running tricks, and a great real of noise, as to outreach all the value of all the attention which, for years, he had received from his nice and her daughters.  He meant not to be kind, however, and, cs a mark of his infection for the three girls, he left them a thousand pounds a-piece.  Mr. Dashwoid's appointment was, at first, severe; but has member was chief and language; and he might reasonably hope o live many year, and by living economic, lay by a considerable sum from the produce of an estate already large, and capable of almost immediate improvement. Bu the fortune, which had been to card in coming, was his only one elements.  Hze survive his uncle no longer; an ten thousand pounds, including the late ladies, was all hat remained for his window and daughters. 